Why are some people so rude to new players, even in casual modes?

I started playing Valorant on PS5 a few days ago, and while most of my matches have been fine, most people don't talk and some people have even been really nice or at least funny bantering amongst themselves, but sometimes people are just needlessly judgmental for no reason. I've had two or three people backseat me, like a match just now where our Phoenix kept asking stuff like "what am i seeing Killjoy" and "do we have hellen keller on our team" when he would spectate me after dying, despite it being Swiftplay and my account being very visibly level 9 (not even high enough to play comp yet). Other times people shoot at me in spawn if I don't clutch the 1v1 or 1v2 at the end of the match, even though I'm usually the lowest level in the lobby. I play decently well in some matches, but I'm still new and make a lot of mistakes and am not very good.

I'm trying my best to learn the terms and tech but it's not exactly the easiest game to pick up as someone who in terms of shooters only really plays Fortnite and Overwatch, and I still throw my turret down as a panic tool sometimes and sometimes just don't use abilities at all. I can't exactly choose who I get to play with so why people are so offended I'm in their games is beyond me.

I understand this community is quite known for being toxic, like most online games, but I just don't get it, why would anyone play an unranked mode and complain about people who are very visibly new to the game not being good enough for their standards or not knowing how to use their abilities probably? Swiftplay is literally the most casual low dedication mode in the game. Even in Overwatch I never got so consistently berated in Quick Play or Arcade for playing poorly. I'm quite scared of what ranked is going to be like if these are the casual players. It's kind of putting me off the game a little and making me play worse when it feels like everyone is watching me, especially when I'm the last on the team.
