Need inspiration to decide a new Main (Astra/Clove)

Hey guys, I was an Omen Main (Viper on Breeze, Pearl and Icebox) up until the recent nerfs. Back then the clipping Oneways were a huge factor why I chose him over other Controller-Agents. But since these nerfs I enjoy him way less than before. I know his Flash-TP Combo is still good, the flash is generally a decent support and selfish utility and his TPs are also still good for messing around on higher elevations. Still, I find him less enjoyable than before so I wanted a new Controller to main. I narrowed it down to Astra and Clove and seeking for your help and opinion on what to do. I‘d love to take your comments into consideration what I am doing in the future. I don‘t want to switch agents (Viper excluded) because I believe focussing on one agent will help me develop a more consistent playstyle around the needs of the specific agents (because Clove and Astra require very different playstyles).

I mostly play 5-stacks and I think Astra would be a perfect fit for these stacks because comms are better than in Solo and the general knowledge of what your mates are doing or what your mates are capable of is more predictable. Also I like the huge variety of Astras util and her general kit.

On the other hand we encounter issues in our stack in terms of aggression. We often have hard times to actually go site, so maybe Astra would make this problem worse. Clove on the other hand would help balancing this due to her aggressive nature and her „short smokes“. I think this would force us to hit site faster and try pushing even further into the CT area.

Further problem is, I enjoy both agents, so I can‘t even decide out of the „what is more enjoyable“ argument.

So yeah, I‘m thinking over and over and want to know your POV so I have more arguments to take into considerstion. And maybe there is the one argument which blows me away.

Tracker: https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Nihilus%23Void/overview

Thanks in advance for reading and your help :)
